yes
hi how about youtube friends i am your
friend my power and how are you seeing in the
good link in the link in the name of the
video and already left the crack to play
multiplayer gentlemen in the spin workshops
I was asked by many people for
there that had solved this
problem and there's the crack that out there
not to play spin tyrese in the version
online I will leave you in the description
of this video the link that goes to
take my video where I tell them how
download you paint them you're good once
that we downloaded it mainly
you have to have it downloaded obviously
we go to the next link that is the crack
to play online and that crack is going to
leave this file that are the cracks
of normal crack not where well esteemed
skins paints airs and bounces this what
we are going to do to leave this the only thing
what are we going to do, gentlemen first?
you have to install that have
sorry installed is to paint is not
I will leave the video obviously and in
the video come the instructions of
how to download and install it and everything
this well once we have it
installed we downloaded the crack that weighs
around 8.55 megabytes weighs nothing
and let's do this let's copy
these files copy and we're going to go to the
game folder that local disk is
espn tyrese program files and here
same we are going to paste these files paste
the replacement clear yes and this what
let's do and gentlemen we can play now
online very important we need to have
steam open I use my main account
but I recommend that you do not use it
main belief an account together with
your friend or with the person you are going to
play online to play two online
people and in this method the two have
that I use crack I do not think the two
they have to use crack I do not think
can play with people who have
the original game because at the moment of
what are you playing you mark yourself as if
you were playing space guard other
game does not make you look like you're
playing spin trailers so they
I also recommend that you use your account
secondary not your primary account for
this kind of case and well that's it
what you have to do is just paste the
crack in the espn trailers folder in
the folder where the game is and that's
we have everything ready to play at
multiplayer obviously have to have
open esteem there is no need to poke
the game to sting like we did with
euro 3 or anything that there is no need to
do nothing but take the steam has
open here I have it give me the steam
have open esteem and therefore have the
game installed not here we paste the crack
and it's all I'm going to pause this
video because now I'm going to record for
that they see that it is already working
bográn I will put the payment of the cam you are
already because camps is if I do not use it for
to record the ones in place we were not going to open
here the game because well we
back gentlemen as you see I have to
steam what is the steam
let's see see them tell me I'm
playing space war my friend proposes is the
that will help me to see that
is working totally they say that
we're playing space war that's what
Mark when when you are playing
sprint airs with the character case that
I just passed them is not very important
open it as administrator right click
and run as a game administrator
you just have to go here and
come here there is a lobby that is in
progress and say that a player is missing
I think if you can join anybody
of these lobbies but to play with your
friend, you have to give him a game here
among friends here you give and create a
game of friends and you put him create
a meeting here to create a
meeting point then you choose the map
that you want and a plain we are going to
put a plain here is the difficulty
casual or simulation you already know not the
they wanted players to paint and then
you know what this is
and here we invite you to invite friends here
is space guard pepon that is playing
to the same stage and invite him
let's wait for him to join and here I
it's going to look like an inhabitant
you already saw and says you are not ready
because this tells you that you prepare that
if you are ready to start the game
and I am supposed to be the leader of the
room then here we are both in the
game trick despinta airs with crack
and we put you initial
we are starting to go loading waiting and
see here we can change so
we make
the truck if we want to put something else
that's another thing on the truck and see
here is my friend
my friend the pp
and back
and in exchange for their box so they can see that
It is fully running full
surprise the lights that see a little
best
it is totally fuel see us here mark us
he says to both of them that there is the plug and I
the garage wins and this with it you have to
go to the ironworks for the woods and
leave them to the objective that is here
this is the whole map and we are
completely online see the face to the
right says latency 270 and 12 months I
they put a box
each cistern and already says or server of
game by production
you can communicate with the key and with
this one and you write what you want and
there he appears not
so we're totally full
totally could the idea of person after
from my
why we listen to the sea we are going to
cross the sea a little bit to leave them a
little bit more so that they see that if it 's
A) Yes
spend absolutely nothing
does not cut you does not take you out nothing happens
this method is completely full for
play online in espn trailers let's go
we are crossing the river
and the character that goes back
in cancer delirium
already comes the one that puts in real
also proposes new three lights
off
in front of the light I told him what I learned
and there he will cross the river with the cistern
See, say pepon here on the map
mark where we are and where is my
comrade he proposes in steam follows
marking that we are playing space
guardian
he is spiritual facebook
but that's the crack, not that's the one
to play totally online and it's
running full full full
to play online to spin tyler is the
I recommend all the links in the
description rather share the video
of light people and subscribe is
totally free see you next time
I hope you enjoy this great game
and all the credits are for the hack
2650 that he passed me this crack
thank you very much friend is my friend
and he tells me if there are any
changes or when there are things and he
he's always giving me the same tips and
things are happening a lot thanks to
that a hug for him and we'll see the
next you already know subscribe be
totally free to rms team if they want
play and see you until next time